pages/guides/deploying-ionic-react-with-zeit-now.mdx, before:

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import Snippet from '~/components/snippet'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Link from '~/components/text/link'
import { Image } from '~/components/media'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploy Ionic with ZEIT Now',
  description: 'Create an Ionic React app and deploy it live with ZEIT Now.',
  published: '2019-11-11T12:00:00.860Z',
  authors: ['msweeneydev'],
  url: '/guides/deploying-ionic-react-with-zeit-now',
  example: 'ionic-react',
  demo: 'https://ionic-react.now-examples.now.sh',
  image:
    'https://og-image.now.sh/**Deploy%20Ionic%20Apps**%20%3Cbr%2F%3E%20with%20ZEIT%20Now.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=100px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fzeit-black-triangle.svg&images=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.svgporn.com%2Flogos%2Fionic.svg',
  editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-ionic-react-with-zeit-now.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-11-27T13:36:05.000Z'
}

[Ionic](https://ionicframework.com/) is the app development platform for developers that allows you to develop for mobile and desktop with the same codebase.

## Step 1: Set Up Your Ionic React Project

Set up an Ionic React app with [`npx`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx) and move into the project directory, choosing the **blank** option when presented:

<Snippet dark text="npx ionic start ionic-react --type react && cd ionic-react" />
<Caption>Initializing an Ionic app with <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx">npx</Link> and moving into the project directory.</Caption>

## Step 2: Deploying Your Ionic React App with ZEIT Now

With an Ionic app set up, it is ready to deploy live with [Now](/docs/v2).

Using [Now CLI](/download), deploy your app with **a single command**:

<Snippet dark text="now" />
<Caption>Deploying your Ionic app with Now CLI.</Caption>

If you want to deploy your Ionic app when you push to a Git repository, you can use either [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/more/now-for-github), [Now for GitLab](/docs/v2/more/now-for-gitlab), or [Now for Bitbucket](/docs/v2/more/now-for-bitbucket) to have your project automatically deployed on every push, and the [production domain](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/custom-domains/#adding-a-domain) updated on push to master.

export default ({ children }) => <Guide meta={meta}>{children}</Guide>

export const config = {
  amp: 'hybrid'
}

Commit message:

update Ionic React guide intro and snippet

pages/guides/deploying-ionic-react-with-zeit-now.mdx, after:

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import Snippet from '~/components/snippet'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Link from '~/components/text/link'
import { Image } from '~/components/media'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploy Ionic React with ZEIT Now',
  description: 'Create an Ionic React app and deploy it live with ZEIT Now.',
  published: '2019-11-11T12:00:00.860Z',
  authors: ['msweeneydev'],
  url: '/guides/deploying-ionic-react-with-zeit-now',
  example: 'ionic-react',
  demo: 'https://ionic-react.now-examples.now.sh',
  image:
    'https://og-image.now.sh/**Deploy%20Ionic%20Apps**%20%3Cbr%2F%3E%20with%20ZEIT%20Now.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=100px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fzeit-black-triangle.svg&images=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.svgporn.com%2Flogos%2Fionic.svg',
  editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-ionic-react-with-zeit-now.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-12-20T22:44:33.000Z'
}

[Ionic Framework](https://ionicframework.com/docs/intro) is an open source UI toolkit for building performant, high-quality mobile and desktop apps using web technologies (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript).

This guide covers getting started with the official [Ionic React](https://ionicframework.com/docs/react) integration.

## Step 1: Set Up Your Ionic React Project

Set up an Ionic React app with [`npx`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx) and move into the project directory.

<Snippet dark text="npx ionic start [project-name] conference --type react && cd [project-name]" />
<Caption>Initializing an Ionic app with <Link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx">npx</Link> and moving into the project directory.</Caption>

## Step 2: Deploying Your Ionic React App with ZEIT Now

With an Ionic app set up, it is ready to deploy live with [Now](/docs/v2).

Using [Now CLI](/download), deploy your app with **a single command**:

<Snippet dark text="now" />
<Caption>Deploying your Ionic app with Now CLI.</Caption>

If you want to deploy your Ionic app when you push to a Git repository, you can use either [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/more/now-for-github), [Now for GitLab](/docs/v2/more/now-for-gitlab), or [Now for Bitbucket](/docs/v2/more/now-for-bitbucket) to have your project automatically deployed on every push, and the [production domain](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/custom-domains/#adding-a-domain) updated on push to master.

export default ({ children }) => <Guide meta={meta}>{children}</Guide>

export const config = {
  amp: 'hybrid'
}
